Okay, great. So I think you have a really good understanding for kind of the core functionality
of the app, and that's all we really need. So the team I'm working with on building this app,
there's one pretty crucial part that we're trying to figure out to see if this is actually
something we can move forward with, and it all is revolving around the refund. And so
you understood right there the hook, you pay $12.99 or premium, and if you get your step
goals, you get 90% back. So we're trying to figure out what that actually looks like.
Basically, what we don't really know is like, how would this actually work, whether we're
using Apple or Stripe, and then just kind of the legality around all of this. So what I
want you to help me do is using our agent mechanism that we have and like have the assignments
for not just the session spawn, but I think we updated that. We're trying to really deep
dive this. So trying to basically answer, and I'm sorry, I'm rambling here, but trying
to answer the core question of, is this mechanic possible? Not only legally, but also on a
practical standpoint. So ideally, the way the app would work is people pay with Apple Pay.
But we don't really know if it's like, actually something that we can do where we refund people
their money. There's probably alternative, come up with some of these like different alternative
approaches, like carrying over their money the next month. But like the core functionality,
and I think the way this app is fun is if we do it with the refunds. And so I want you to spin up a
lot of different teams, basically, like technically how this would work, what it looks like with Apple,
what it looks like with Stripe, though we're not leaning towards Stripe, because I think that makes
us harbor the chargebacks. And then also getting a legal team together with like research agents to
basically do some due diligence on some of the following questions. So what does this look like as far as
a money service business, like an MSB legality? Can we do this without being an MSB? And then I guess
like who's the custodian of all of the refunds and the money? And so and then we also need to figure
out like money transmitter rules. And so that would be probably a high level, I guess maybe read it back
to me, like what we're going to be doing. And then I can tell you if that's exactly like what I'm
thinking or not. And then I'd love this compiled into like a PDF report that I can share with the team
that answers these questions.
Thank you.













