Thanks for all of this, and sorry it took me a little bit to review these, I was busy this morning.
Okay, let's see, your top three highlights.
The mcpx-apps SDK.
That looks really interesting.
Yeah, okay, so I see your quick actions say clone mcp extension apps repo rich UI tools.
Yeah, we can go ahead and update you as well.
And then, let's also definitely review the agent security practices.
One quick thing, I noticed again, that for some reason the morning brief voice was just in a default voice.
I just want to make sure that we're still using the claw voice for that.
We talked about it the other day, but it didn't update here.
So I just want to flag that and make sure we're using Quinn and using the nice update that we have.
Or the nice voice clone that we use there.
Then I'm pulling up the morning report light right now.
Let me look through this.
Oh yeah, the mission control guide.
I think you talked about that.
Let me double check that.
Okay, perhaps not.
Let me just keep looking.
Sorry for the kind of scattered thing.
I'm just reviewing this as we were talking right now.
Yeah, so let's review the mission control guide.
I see the Noah Epstein article that says put this entire article into open claw and let it cook.
Okay, that's the same one we were talking about, the mission control one.
We should definitely review that in more depth and cross-check it against ours.
Let's see.
Table 2, implications and action items.
Yeah, okay.
That references mission control again.
That's really interesting.
So we should, again, so I keep talking about it, but let's definitely look into that a little bit more.
Yep, and that ended up on the top finds from your timeline discovery.
What else?
Let's see.
Yeah, I see the open claw update as well.
It has all the different fixes and everything, so we should, yeah, probably update there.
Oh, yeah, what's the QMD update?
I saw that earlier, and I wanted to make sure to talk through that.
Is it like a query expansion, those kind of things?
I know we're using QMD by Toby Lutke, or whatever his name is.
And so we should definitely, I think we talked about QMD a little bit ago.
So if we're using that, let's just make sure that we review this as well and cross-reference it against if we're using that or if we should be using that.
I see the MCP apps extension SDK again on the GitHub trending thing.
The Klein-Klein, the autonomous coding agent in VS Code with human in-the-loop approval is interesting.
I don't know how useful that is for us right now.
And so let's look at your recommendations.
So you say clone and study.
Yeah, let's definitely do that.
I see you also have the tracking AI code contributions on there.
That's interesting.
And then, yeah, the background, let's definitely just keep an eye on those things.
You can do that on your own independently.
And let's see the trends.
We probably don't need the co-work plugins.
Kimi 2.5 is cool, but we don't really need that because we're using Opus 4.5.
The carrier GPS tracking is kind of scary.
Is there anything more there?
I'd love to get a breakdown of the outsourcing thinking essay as well, if you can give me a summary there.

Okay, let's go to the action items.
Yeah, okay, let's do all those things.
If you think the co-work plugins are interesting for bundled skills, let's definitely look into that.
Disregard what I was saying before that we don't need it.
I think that could be very interesting.
Let's definitely review the text virus concerns on the bookmark update and clone and study.
Yeah, as well as the medium priority, let's go ahead and do that.
Compare the mission control soul.markdown file and structure ours for potential updates.
Yeah, we already talked about those things.
Let's definitely read the 48-hour multi-agent build write-up and precision stuff.
And then, yeah, background, we can just always monitor the February AI releases to see if there's anything we should do there.
Okay, now I'm going to go out of the morning report.
Okay, yeah, so the co-work gets plugins.
That's really interesting.
The 11 open source plugins on GitHub, we should definitely pull those on a list,
and then we can go through them and see if they're useful.
The self-editing agent by Zuckerman, number five on the top stories from the Weekly Digest.
I think that would be a really interesting thing for us to look through,
especially because we're trying to get you more in the co-pilot seat.
And then I see we have the weekly system health audit.
I think it's fine that we have the credential exposure.
Cron tool timeouts, that one is interesting.
We should definitely look at that.
Telegram session at 66%.
Okay, this one's a big one because I thought we already fixed our ability to fix the session issues that were slowing us down for a while.
And then plugins.allow security.audit.flag.
This is critical.
We should definitely look into that.
The rest that's clear is good.
And then, yeah, we should allow the plugins.allow to config.
Okay, I see bird.json output is empty.
I don't think we really need the Brave API key unless we're using it.
I'm just reading through your messages still.
So number two on the top five trends and insights from the 30-day report,
Versal's agents.md discovery.
What's that?
What is dolt, the Git version database killer app for agent workflows?
That'd be really interesting to look into.
I think we have agent mail, or we talked about agent mail, and we might not need it.
I don't remember.
And then temporal seems interesting.
Yeah, okay, so I think I went through all this.
I know there's a ton of stuff, so we might be getting a bunch of messages back here, but that's okay.
And then another thing that I want us to just add on here, and sorry to keep adding on to the pile.
I know we have a ton of things, and I want to make sure that we're hitting all these things
and not forgetting to tackle any of the things in this voice note.
But maybe we should dive through the way we're structuring our agents, because we change them a lot.
I just want to make sure we don't have any contradictions or overlap or things that are outdated,
and make sure that we're running the way we should with all the changes and tool additions that we've made and stuff.
Thanks, and take your time on this if you need.

