Wow, okay, so it looks like we are up and running again.
A couple massive things, so it turns out when the base bot that you run on swapped from ClawdBot to OpenClaw,
we stopped getting updates, so we've been running on an old system.
And so I went through and I used ClawdCowork, and we reconfigured a bunch of things,
and got everything updated, and got the auth token and everything together, we removed some cron jobs,
and so there's probably a lot of catch-up you need to do.
So what I want you to do basically is, and maybe I don't even know exactly what I want you to do,
but I'll kind of guide you and you can fill in the blanks.
So I think it could be helpful for you to figure out what all of the new updates were from OpenClaw,
and then basically we should go through our entire configuration.
So everything that we're running, all the different files we have, all the different jobs we have,
and see maybe if a lot of the strange workarounds or things that we've been doing got fixed in the latest update,
and we don't even need the manual changes anymore.
That could be a really helpful thing.
I know there's a lot of issues we've been struggling with, like memory or compacting or these other types of things,
and so what I want you to do is basically go through everything and make sure we're all up to speed,
get a good feel for what's new, and see if there's anything that we need to change.
One of the big things that I think we could find is I saw there was like a memory thing called adaptive,
but we're using cache-ttl.
I don't know if that's something we can fix, but yeah, basically the high-level view is get a feel,
look through all the different changes and things that were made or reconfigured.
It looks like the setup token is now working a lot better,
so we don't even need to pull from the OAuth CLI anymore.
So a lot of big changes.
I'd love for you to do like a full system check and just get a feel for everything,
see if there's any redundancies or things we don't need anymore or what's new and all that kind of fun stuff.
Thank you.
