Yeah, I'd love for you to deliver me that report.
And so I like that we're kind of batching these things out
and we're working under probably like a master folder
of like experience roofing.
And so I'd love to maybe just start doing some research
on the aerial roof analysis.
I don't think they have any expectation
that this could be done like tomorrow, of course,
or any of this can be done tomorrow.
But I think it'd be cool to go in like showing
I did some research on this topic.
And so basically what they're saying, yeah,
like the Eagle View and those other companies
have their own drones, but a competitor that they've talked to
said that they were able to do it on their own
without having any drones, which basically what the
quote unquote doing it on their own is,
is their ability to use free public tools.
So probably a combination of a bunch of different things
and get LIDAR or at least close enough to LIDAR of roofs.
Like the goal at the end of like their project,
if they could figure out this aerial system,
is to be able to quote somebody within a 95% accuracy
on what their roof is going to cost without having
to send an estimator over.
So like right now when they're using estimators,
they will have to go and look at all like the pitch
and the slope and the height and like actually give a good,
get a good understanding of what the roof looks like.
And then these other competitors like Eagle View,
they offer drone LIDAR and they sell those,
but it's really expensive.
And so what the owner really wants to do is try to replicate
what his competitors made.
I mean, there's probably like a pretty good math problem
you could do here.
And by no means use this as a constraint
for your own research here.
But like the way that I was approaching it
from a math point of view is like,
if you could take a combination of like city records
and see like how tall the building is,
like at the peak,
and then use a combination of like Google Street View
to like kind of get an idea for the slope
based on like some trigonometry
and then figure out like Google Earth
to kind of get like the,
I don't know, a different angle of it.
There's got to be a way to use some pretty good math here
to get a good understanding of like,
even though it's not LIDAR,
here's like within a 90 to 95% degree of accuracy
how much roof actually there is
that needs to be like replaced on a full replace.
And then the rest of it,
the owner can handle.
Like if he has like the dimensions
and these things up to a good idea,
then he easily knows like the labor costs
and the estimate costs and everything like that.
And that could even be plug and play for us.
So yeah, since we have parts like one through five
already in their own dock,
and then we have this new dock created
for the, I guess the lead gen system spec
within this experience folder,
I'd love to kind of start the aerial roof analysis
based on what I said here.
