Okay, so this project is somebody that wants to bring me on board to help them revamp their
entire way they are getting sales at their roofing company. So I actually had you do some research
on them before. They're Experience Roofing, spelled X-P-E-R-I-E-N-C-E. They are a Utah-based
company, and so, yeah, I mean, I agree. I don't want to go straight into coding yet, like that's
ridiculous. So I want to really start by getting our foundation right. And so I'm going to start
by answering your first questions you asked me. So the business problem is right now they have a
really big bloat of door-to-door sales and door-to-door sales they don't think are very effective
and they have a huge like overhang and these people are hard to train and there's just a lot of issues.
And so I think there's a really good way that we can overhaul this, but I'll get to that in a second.
So the users are the company as a whole. Like it's not going to be an enterprise software like I kind
of talked about in the past where they go sell this as an SaaS. Like I really want this to be
catered in-house for this company alone. So they're the user. Success looks like getting a ton of more
clients and constraints are low, I would say. And so let me kind of get into what I view this as more.
So what I think that we could do using a big system, like a workflow that we can design for them
specifically is I would love for them to be able to target specific areas, whether it's in Salt Lake
or Utah or other areas or cities or even outside of the state. And basically at a really high level,
do an analysis on who owns what home and then figure out through our other tools such as like
True People Search or Whois or these other ones that you might be able to find and actually figure out
who owns that parcel of land and basically figure out how to do outreach to those people. So that's
the really high level user flow or workflow. But what I think can be more effective is like giving
them the ability to add constraints here. So they could maybe even say, okay, I want you to go through
all of like the county records for this county, like say Salt Lake County. And I want to see the year
that the home was constructed. And then maybe even like see if there's a way for us to pull remodels.
Um, and then they could say, okay, if there's any houses that are built over 15 years ago or constructed
new over 15 years ago, we would love to identify who owns the house, figure out that person's contacts,
like phone or email, and then figure out an automatic way to do customized outreach to those people.
So it could be like, okay, I'm going to scour this zip code. We're going to figure out how to pull all
of the records from the county, which is all public on like who owns this parcel. Um, and we'd have to
figure out for each county, like how to actually access that, um, sort by the houses that fit the
constraints. So like it could be like 15 years old or something like that. And then do outreach saying,
Hey, like I learned that, or I noticed that your house is this old, like roof problems are really big.
Um, we'd love to, um, quote you on a new roof. And then another big part that it's like, I think
really compelling for them versus other roofing companies is they allow people to finance, but
maybe that could just be a toggle, like offer like, Hey, we want to reach out to this person
because we noticed that it's like a less, uh, expensive area. And so like, it might be like
$200 a month or something. So I'm kind of rambling here, but really high level. I think that we could
kind of approach the door to door problem differently and like almost replace the door
to door salesman by figuring out a system here. And I know there's like a lot of things that we're
going to have to research here, which is kind of why I want to give this to you as an overnight
problem. And one of the things that we talked about was a little bit ago, I guess a skill or a
template was like almost a Ralph loop, but for research, not for coding. Uh, you're going to have
to remind me what that is, but I could anticipate that being a good thing here. And so I'm meeting with
them on Thursday, today's Tuesday, and I'm trying to have kind of a good approach for them. And so
I'm kind of just wondering, this is like my approach. I'm wondering like how possible you
think this is and like what our abilities look like here. I do feel like there has got to be a way for
us to target a zip code, um, and then figure out from the County records of each place, like a,
where does X count to your X zip code? I guess actually, let me restart.
This zip code exists in this County housing, um, like parcel or whatever the info is on who owns the
land is found here. So we'll go through there, scrub that for each house and then figure out how to,
um, see what year the house was constructed. And then we can go through and actually get the
contact information and do an automatic outreach customized, um, via email, or even just even
compiling in like a CRM of sorts, all these phone numbers and figuring out outreach to those people.
Um, and then trying to get more inbound that way. Um, this is a big opportunity for me. They're
offering me a portion of the proceeds they make off the sales. And so I really want to come in
prepared and kind of crush this. And so I guess if you have any questions here before you kind of start
this overnight task and kind of maybe even give me the layout of how you want to approach the
research here. Like, I don't need an immediate answer of you saying, Oh, we should do it this way.
Like I want you to take the time and actually run that kind of skill or use the right research agents
or get the right things together. And so you kind of aspect, like, do I want to use idea to blueprint?
Like maybe I think that could actually be really smart, but I just kind of want you to take all of
this and kind of tell me what you think we should do. This is one of those projects where I really
want you to be my partner, not just a tool. And so this is kind of the initial context and I'll let
you kind of respond here and let me know your thoughts, how we should approach even starting this
project and these kinds of things. This will be like our first really big build and everything. So
I'm, uh, I'm very curious.

so
so
so
so
so
so

so
so
