Okay, so I'm reviewing this right now, and it all looks great.
So I think a lot of the first parts are really good, like parts one through four and even five.
But part six is what I really want to focus on now.
So I apologize.
I think I had you put that into the master doc, but I would love to have a separate working area to try to figure out this problem in particular.
The other stuff was great, and that was a really good report.
But I think we can kind of partition that out and really work on the technical implementation of part six.
So looking through it, that's great that Utah has OpenSGID, and it has all those things on there.
It's maybe massive for us.
As far as the skip tracing slash contact enrichment, I'm looking at what you have.
It seems like Apollo is actually probably not going to be the best route for us because it's mostly commercials or commercial contacts.
And these are primarily going to be individuals.
And so I'm looking at batch skip tracing.
That seems to be a pretty good tool if you can maybe look into that more and make sure it's actually legit and we can use it more.
But I think there's got to be free tools, like there's True People Search.
I think there is like Whois or something like that.
So maybe we can look at if there's other ways to try to publicly access people's information like that.
Oh, yeah, you see recommendation batch skip tracing.
Okay, yeah.
I mean, if you think that's the best route to go, it's totally fine.
We can look into that.
I see that you have the aerial roof analysis.
They are pretty adverse to using other people's tools like that.
They actually really believe that they can develop their own system, whether it's using a combination of like Google Earth or Google Street View and starting to do those things.
But they have expressed to me that they want to work on that themselves.
And so I don't know if this is something that we could even just try to use Google Earth for and like see if we can get a good score or we can tackle that as a separate project.
I mean, saying it out loud, it probably feels like it should be a separate project now.
And then, yeah, I'm looking at your system architecture.
I think the compliance summary is really good.
But let's look into this and do a little bit more of a deep dive.
Like maybe we can actually start doing some of the bigger framework stuff here.
So like actually planning out and making this its own doc of like here's exactly what this is.
Here's exactly how it'll work.
And then start figuring out like the technical side, maybe like even just on a planning level.
So, yeah, let me know here.
And thank you.
This all looks great.
