So let's start with February 12th.
I'm going to go through the report.
Let's see.
Okay, from your highlights, we've kind of gone through all of these.
The biggest one that I think we actually utilized was the Chrome Dev MCP server,
which is great.
Now let's go through the bookmarks.
I see there's 20.
Number one is interesting that it actually intensified work.
Number two, I'd love for you to actually look into that more for me.
It's the McKinsey-style research prompts.
I wonder if that would be interesting for us to be able to utilize for consulting-type things.
Number four, I'd also like to dig deeper into the stupidly powerful cloud code for SEO.
I see that's something we've talked about before, which would be interesting.
Number six, I see it's a link only, and the type is a link.
So if you can dive deeper into that one, that'd be great.
Number seven, we already built out and utilize every day.
Okay.
Number nine would be interesting for us to actually kind of utilize and organize together
as the cloud code for outbound 11 APIs, 72 scripts.
So I was looking to that more.
Number 10 is a link only.
It needs a follow-up.
So if you can follow up on that for me, that'd be great.
I'd love to compare number 12 to what we have.
It says set up open cloud auto-research on X.
I wonder if that's different than what we use, where we just kind of scroll the algorithm.
Number 13, 14, 15, and 16 are all links, if we can dive deeper into those.
Number 17, I found interesting.
It was a video demo where they basically take a 360 photo.
I'd love for you to look into this a little bit more, but almost how we could extrapolate
tech like this or build tech like this or use their platform.
Because one of the things that we're talking about doing with experience roofing is expanding
into landscaping.
And so if we could create almost a 360 picture, the ability to walk through it, we could almost
have people photograph their own yards for us and then create a rendering without having
to even be on site.
18, I see that you said the skill recommended is capability evolver, but I'm pretty sure I
saw a security breach on that.
So I don't know if I want to do anything with that there.
Number 19, it needs a follow-up on the link.
20 needs a follow-up on the link.
So now I'll go through your implications.
Okay, yeah.
So number one, I agree.
Yeah, number two, let's do that as well.
Like, let's do the action on that.
I'm curious how Eleven Labs' new update here about pushing hard on realism compares to our
Quen locally sourced one or locally ran one that we're doing.
Four is great.
Yeah, I agree with number seven.
Let's kind of evaluate it as a competitor to our Scout Alpha and see how it goes.
Number nine, let's study the stack.
Yep.
Yeah, okay.
So you already have the 3D staging there.
Now I'll go on to your timeline discoveries.
Okay.
I'd love to review number six, complete guide for building Claude and Codex skills.
You should have struck the relevant to our skill restructuring.
Okay, GitHub trending now.
The first repo we use.
Number three, tech or trend radar.
I'm curious how this compares to ours.
Okay.
Okay.
Great.
That should be everything from this one.
So I know it's a long, a long note.
Make sure you review all of it and then let's go through everything.
Thank you.



































Thank you.

!




Thank you.
!
