Okay, great. Thanks for checking this and for fixing it in the future.
So let's go through one by one. I definitely think we should take the Ryan Carson's
things that you said that we're missing. So add the verifier pattern,
the automate learning extraction like compound review does.
Um, yeah. Okay. I'm looking at the Apple one. The awareness is good.
When we actually decide to build an app, we can try to do that.
Yeah, we should definitely save that. I see that you saved it to agents forward slash vibe coding guide.
One question that I have on that one for the, and this is in reference to the white socket vibe coding.
Um, we saved all of this, but how do we actually integrate it into our system?
That's the question that I have there.
Um, that's fine. You can't find the, oh, I think you spelled it wrong. I think it was,
let me go look in the morning report really quick. Okay. Yes. This was number nine on the morning report.
It's T O M I K 99, not Tommy spelled traditionally. So try again on that one. Um, let me keep going.
Looking at the deep focus article from Dan Co is really interesting. The extreme focus guide. Um,
I think we could definitely implement that. And then just maybe it kind of reminders to me,
like I can kind of resonate with that. Um, thank you for saving the prelaunch checklist.
Okay. I see that you added the five questions to master cloud code into our files. Again,
same question is if I forget to call on that, is that something that you can remind me of when we're
starting something. Thank you for saving the AI job agent demo. Yeah. I love the positivity on the,
how to win when everyone has AI thing. I think I fully agree there. I'm noticing one thing from
that article, um, the AI is killing B2B SaaS. Um, I'm seeing point number two, where it talks about
security auth and robustness. So it says that most things skip XSS, hard coded API keys, SOC2, GDPR,
HIPAA. Is this something that we should like put into our security workflow when we're running that
kind of agency to check on those sorts of things or something that we should use or not really?
Okay, great. I see you saved the API caller tweet. That's great. And reference.ly
Okay. I see the, um, in the tweet talking about the AI opportunity advisor one. Um, I love the
productized service format. Let's save that as a different project that we can call on later if we
want to actually start doing that sort of thing. And then, yeah, let's go through all of that.
