Table of Contents
Contents
Also by Pierce Brown
Title Page
Copyright
Dedication
Dramatis Personæ
Part 1: Bow
1. Warlords
2. The Breach
3. Blood and Piss
4. Fallen
5. Abandoned
6. Icarus
7. The Afterbirth
8. Scepter & Sword
9. The Darkness
10. Broken
11. Red
Part II: Break
12. Blood for Blood
13. Mad Dogs
14. The Sovereign
15. Truth
16. The Game
17. What the Storm Brings
18. Bloodstains
19. Stork
20. Helldiver
21. Stains
22. Fire Blossom
23. Trust
24. Bacon and Eggs
Part III: Conquer
25. Praetors
26. Puppet Master
27. Jelly Beans
28. The Stormsons
29. Old Man’s Wrath
30. Gathering Storm
31. Coup
32. Die Young
33. A Dance
34. Blood Brothers
35. Teatime
36. Lord of War
37. War
38. The Iron Rain
39. At the Wall
Part IV: Ruin
40. Mud
41. Achilles
42. Death of a Gold
43. The Sea
44. The Poet
45. Gifts
46. Brotherhood
47. Free
48. The Magistrate
49. Why We Sing
50. The Deep
51. Golden Son
About the Author
Acknowledgments
Contents
Also by Pierce Brown
Title Page
Copyright
Dedication
Dramatis Personæ
Part 1: Bow
1. Warlords
2. The Breach
3. Blood and Piss
4. Fallen
5. Abandoned
6. Icarus
7. The Afterbirth
8. Scepter & Sword
9. The Darkness
10. Broken
11. Red
Part II: Break
12. Blood for Blood
13. Mad Dogs
14. The Sovereign
15. Truth
16. The Game
17. What the Storm Brings
18. Bloodstains
19. Stork
20. Helldiver
21. Stains
22. Fire Blossom
23. Trust
24. Bacon and Eggs
Part III: Conquer
25. Praetors
26. Puppet Master
27. Jelly Beans
28. The Stormsons
29. Old Man’s Wrath
30. Gathering Storm
31. Coup
32. Die Young
33. A Dance
34. Blood Brothers
35. Teatime
36. Lord of War
37. War
38. The Iron Rain
39. At the Wall
Part IV: Ruin
40. Mud
41. Achilles
42. Death of a Gold
43. The Sea
44. The Poet
45. Gifts
46. Brotherhood
47. Free
48. The Magistrate
49. Why We Sing
50. The Deep
51. Golden Son
About the Author
Acknowledgments
Also by Pierce Brown
Red Rising
Golden Son
Golden Son
Pierce Brown
 
www.hodder.co.uk
First published in Great Britain in 2015 by Hodder & Stoughton
An Hachette UK company
Copyright © Pierce Brown 2015
The right of Pierce Brown to be identified as the Author of the Work has
been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and
Patents Act 1988.
All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system,
or transmitted, in any form or by any means without the prior written
permission of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of
binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a
similar condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real
persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.
A CIP catalogue record for this title is available from the British Library
ISBN 978 1 4447 5904 4
Hodder & Stoughton Ltd
338 Euston Road
London NW1 3BH
www.hodder.co.uk
To mother,
who taught me to speak
DRAMATIS PERSONÆ
House Augustus and Allies
NERO AU AUGUSTUS ArchGovernor of Mars, head of House Augustus, father
to Virginia and Adrius
VIRGINIA AU AUGUSTUS/MUSTANG daughter of Nero, twin sister to Adrius
ADRIUS AU AUGUSTUS/JACKAL son of ArchGovernor, heir to House Augustus,
twin brother to Virginia
PLINY AU VELOCITOR chief Politico of House Augustus
DARROW AU ANDROMEDUS/REAPER ArchPrimus of the Institute of Mars, lancer
of House Augustus
TACTUS AU RATH lancer of House Augustus
ROQUE AU FABII lancer of House Augustus
VICTRA AU JULII lancer of House Augustus, half sister to Antonia, daughter of
Agrippina
KAVAX AU TELEMANUS head of House Telemanus, ally of House Augustus,
father to Daxo and Pax
DAXO AU TELEMANU heir and son of Kavax, brother to Pax
House Bellona
TIBERIUS AU BELLONA head of House Bellona
CASSIUS AU BELLONA heir to House Bellona, son of Tiberius, lancer of House
Bellona
KARNUS AU BELLONA son of Tiberius, elder brother of Cassius, lancer of
House Bellona
KELLAN AU BELLONA Praetor, cousin of Cassius, nephew of Tiberius
Notable Golds
OCTAVIA AU LUNE reigning Sovereign of the Society
LYSANDER AU LUNE grandson of Octavia, heir to House Lune
AJA AU GRIMMUS the Sovereign’s chief bodyguard
MOIRA AU GRIMMUS the Sovereign’s chief Politico
LORN AU ARCOS former Rage Knight, head of House Arcos
FITCHNER AU BARCA former Proctor Mars, father of Sevro
SEVRO AU BARCA/GOBLIN lead Howler, son of Fitchner
AGRIPPINA AU JULII head of House Julii, mother to Victra and Antonia
ANTONIA AU SEVERUS-JULII former House Mars, half sister to Victra, daughter
of Agrippina
Sons of Ares
ARES Terrorist Leader, color unknown
DANCER Ares’ lieutenant, a Red
HARMONY Dancer’s lieutenant, a Red
MICKEY Carver, a Violet
EVEY former slave of Mickey, a Pink
Once upon a time, a man came from the sky and killed my wife. Beside
him now, I walk on a mountain that floats over our world. Snow falls.
Battlements of white stone and shimmering glass yawn out of the rock.
Around us swirls a chaos of greed. All the great Golds of Mars descend
upon the Institute to lay claim to the best and brightest of our year. Their
ships swarm the morning sky, cutting over a world of snow and smoking
castles for Olympus, which I stormed only hours before.
“Take a last look,” he tells me as we near his shuttle. “All that came
before was but a whisper of our world. When you leave this mountain, all
bonds are broken, all oaths dust. You are not prepared. No one ever is.”
Across the crowd, I see Cassius with his father and siblings as they make
their way to their shuttle. Their eyes burn at us over the white, and I
remember the sound of his brother’s heart as it beat its last. A rough hand
with bony fingers lays claim to my shoulder, clutching possessively.
Augustus stares at his enemies.
“Bellonas do not forgive or forget. They are many. But they cannot harm
you.” His cold eyes peer down at me, his fresh prize. “For you belong to
me, Darrow, and I protect what is mine.”
As do I.
For seven hundred years, my people have been enslaved without voice,
without hope. Now I am their sword. And I do not forgive. I do not forget.
So let him lead me onto his shuttle. Let him think he owns me. Let him
welcome me into his house, so I might burn it down.
But then his daughter takes my hand, and I feel all the lies fall heavy on
my shoulders. They say a kingdom divided against itself cannot stand. They
made no mention of the heart.
PART I
BOW
Hic sunt leones. “Here be lions.”
—NERO AU AUGUSTUS
1
WARLORDS
My silence thunders. I stand on the bridge of my starship, arm broken and
held in a gelcast, ion burns still raw on my neck. I’m bloodydamn tired. My
razor coils around my good right arm like a cold metal snake. Before me,
space opens, vast and terrible. Small fragments of light prick the darkness,
and primordial shadows move to block those stars on the fringes of my
vision. Asteroids. They float slowly around my man-of-war, Quietus, as I
search the blackness for my quarry.
“Win,” my master told me. “Win as my children cannot, and you will
bring honor to the name Augustus. Win at the Academy and you earn
yourself a fleet.” He likes dramatic repetition. It suits most statesmen.
He’d have me win for him, but I’d win for the Red girl with a dream
bigger than she ever could be. I’d win so that he dies, and her message
burns across the ages. Small order.
I am twenty. Tall and broad in the shoulders. My uniform, all sable, now
wrinkled. Hair long and eyes Golden, bloodshot. Mustang once said I have
a sharp face, with cheeks and nose seemingly carved from angry marble. I
avoid mirrors myself. Better to forget the mask I wear, the mask that bears
the angled scar of the Golds who rule the worlds from Mercury to Pluto. I
am of the Peerless Scarred. Cruelest and brightest of all humankind. But I
miss the kindest of them. The one who asked me to stay as I bid her and
Mars goodbye on her balcony almost a year ago. Mustang. I gave her a
horse-crested gold ring as a parting gift, and she gave me a razor. Fitting.
The taste of her tears grows stale in memory. I have not heard from her
since I left Mars. Worse, I have not heard from the Sons of Ares since I won
at Mars’s Institute more than two years ago. Dancer said he would contact
me once I graduated, but I have been cast adrift among a sea of Golden
faces.
This is so far from the future I imagined for myself as a boy. So far from
the future I wanted to make for my people when I let the Sons carve me. I
thought I would change the worlds. What young fool doesn’t? Instead, I
have been swallowed by the machine of this vast empire as it rumbles
inexorably on.
At the Institute, they trained us to survive and conquer. Here at the
Academy they taught us war. Now they test our fluency. I lead a fleet of
warships against other Golds. We fight with dummy munitions and launch
raiding parties from ship to ship in the way of Gold astral combat. No
reason to break a ship that costs the gross yearly output of twenty cities
when you can send leechCraft packed with Obsidians, Golds, and Grays to
seize her vital organs and make her your prize.
Amid lessons of astral combat, our teachers hammered in the maxims of
their race. Only the strong survive. Only the brilliant rule. And then they
left and let us fend for ourselves, jumping asteroid to asteroid, searching for
supplies, bases, hunting our fellow students till only two fleets remain.
I’m still playing games. This is just the deadliest yet.
“It’s a trap,” Roque says from my elbow. His hair is long, like mine, and
his face soft as a woman’s and placid as a philosopher’s. Killing in space is
different from killing on land. Roque is a prodigy at it. There’s poetry to it,
he says. Poetry to the motion of the spheres and the ships that sail between.
His face fits with the Blues who crew these vessels—airy men and women
who drift like wayward spirits through the metal halls, all logic and strict
order.
“But it’s not so elegant a trap as Karnus might think,” he continues. “He
knows we’re eager to end the game, so he will wait on the other side. Force
us into a choke point and release his missiles. Tried and true since the dawn
of time.”
Roque carefully points to the space between two huge asteroids, a narrow
corridor we must travel if we wish to continue following Karnus’s wounded
ship.
“Everything’s a damn trap.” Tactus au Rath, rangy and careless, yawns.
He leans his dangerous frame against the viewport and shoots a stim up his
nose from the ring on his finger. He tosses the spent cartridge to the floor.
“Karnus knows he’s lost. He’s just torturing us. Leading us on a little merry
chase so we can’t sleep. The selfish prick.”
“You’re such a little Pixie, always yapping and whining,” Victra au Julii
sneers from her place against the viewport. Her jagged hair hangs just past
ears pierced with jade. Impetuous and cruel, but neither to a fault, she
disdains makeup in favor of the scars she’s earned through her twenty-seven
years. There are many.
Her eyes are heavy, deeply set. Her sensual mouth wide, with lips shaped
to purr insults. She looks more like her famous mother than her younger
half sister, Antonia; but in her capacity for general mayhem she far outstrips
both.
“Traps mean nothing,” she declares. “His fleet has been dashed. He has
but one ship. We’ve seven. How about we just bust his mouth?”
“Darrow has seven,” Roque reminds her.
“Your pardon?” she asks, annoyed at the correction.
“Seven of Darrow’s ships remain. You called them ours. They are not
ours. He is Primus.”
“Pedantic poet strikes again. The point is the same, my goodman.”
“That we should be rash instead of prudent?” Roque asks.
“That it is seven against one. It would be embarrassing to let this drag out
any longer. So, let’s squish the Bellona thug like a cockroach with our
sizable boot, fly back to base, take our just rewards from old Augustus, and
go play.” She twists her heel for emphasis.
“Here, here,” Tactus agrees. “My kingdom for a gram of demon-Dust.”
“That your fifth stimshot today, Tactus?” Roque asks.
“Yes! Thank you for noticing, Mommy dearest! But I grow weary of this
military crank. I believe I desire Pearl clubs and copious amounts of
respectable drugs.”
“You’re going to burn out.”
Tactus slaps his thigh. “Live fast. Die young. While you’re a boring old
raisin, I’ll be a glorious memory of finer times and decadent days.”
Roque shakes his head. “One day, my wayward friend, you’re going to
find someone you love who makes you laugh at the silly person you once
were. You’ll have children. You’ll have an estate. And somehow you’ll
learn there are more important things than drugs and Pinks.”
“By Jove.” Tactus stares at him in utter horror. “That sounds resolutely
miserable.”
I peer at the tactical display, ignoring their banter.
The quarry we chase is Karnus au Bellona, the older brother of my
former friend, Cassius au Bellona, and the boy I killed in the Passage,
Julian au Bellona. Of that curly-haired family, Cassius is the favorite son.
Julian was the kindest. And Karnus? My broken arm stands testament—he’s
the monster they let out of their basement to kill things.
Since the Institute, my celebrity has grown. So when news reached the
Violet gossip circuit that the ArchGovernor was finally sending me to
further my studies, Karnus au Bellona and a few handpicked cousins were
dispatched by Cassius’s mother to “study” as well. The family wants my
heart on a plate. Quite literally. Only Augustus’s badge holds them back. To
attack me is to attack him.
In the end, I could give a bloody piss about their vendetta or my master’s
bloodfeud with their house. I want the fleet so I can use it for the Sons of
Ares. What a mess I could cause. I’ve made a study of supply lines, sensor
stations, battlegroups, data hubs—all the pressure points that might cause
the Society to stagger.
“Darrow …” Roque comes closer. “Guard your hubris. Remember Pax.
Pride kills.”
“I want it to be a trap,” I tell Roque. “Let Karnus turn and face us.”
He tilts his head. “You’ve set your own trap for him.”
“Now, what makes you say that?”
“You might have told us. I could have—”
“Karnus falls today, brother. That is the simple fact of the matter.”
“Of course. I only want to help. You know that.”
“I know.” I stifle a yawn and let my eyes sweep the bridgepits behind and
below me. Blues of many shades toil there, working the systems that run
my ship. They speak more slowly than any other Color save Obsidian,
favoring digital communication. They are older than I, graduates of the
Midnight School, all. Beyond them, near the back of the bridge, Gray
marines and several Obsidians stand sentinel. I clap Roque on the shoulder.
“It’s time.”
“Sailors,” I call to the Blues in the pit. “Sharpen your wits. This is the
final nail in the Bellona coffin. We put this bastard into the ether and I
promise the greatest gift in my power to give—a week of solid sleep.
Prime?”
A few of the Grays near the back of the bridge laugh. The Blues just rap
their knuckles on their instruments. I’d give half my substantial bank
account, compliments of the ArchGovernor, to see one of those pale
airbrains crack a smile.
“Enough delay,” I announce. “Gunners to positions. Roque, cluster the
destroyers. Victra, attend targeting. Tactus, defense deployment. We’re
ending this now.” I look over at my wispy helmBlue. He stands central in
the pit beneath my command platform amid fifty others. The snaking
digiTats that mark the Blues’ bald heads and spidery hands glow subtle
shades of cerulean and silver as they sync with the ship’s computers. Their
eyes go distant as optic nerves revert to the digital world. They speak only
out of courtesy to us. “Helmsman, engines to sixty percent.”
“Aye, dominus.” He glances at the tactical display, a globular holo
floating above his head, voice like a machine. “Mind, the concentration of
metal in the asteroids presents difficulty in assessing spectro readings.
We’re a mite blind. A fleet could hide on the other side of the asteroids.”
“He doesn’t have a fleet. Into the breach,” I say. The ship’s engines
rumble. I nod to Roque and say, “Hic sunt leones.” The words of our
master, Nero au Augustus, ArchGovernor of Mars, thirteenth of his name.
My warlords echo the phrase.
Here be lions.
